.\" vibe.1 — manual page for vibe-cli
.\" View with:  man ./man/vibe.1
.\"             groff -man -Tutf8 man/vibe.1 | less
.TH VIBE 1 "April 2026" "vibe\-cli" "User Commands"
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH NAME
.\" =========================================================
vibe \- keyboard\-first multi\-project AI coding terminal
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
.\" =========================================================
.B vibe
.RB [ \-\-config
.IR path ]
.RB [ \-\-add
.IR path \|.\|.\|.]
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" =========================================================
.B vibe
is a modal, keyboard\-first TUI for running multiple AI coding agents
(Claude, Codex, Cursor, OpenClaw) across many projects simultaneously.
It uses a vim\-like command/prompt/edit modal model, streams live agent
output, manages per\-project memory vaults, and persists sessions across
restarts.
.PP
The interface is divided into panels: a project tab bar at the top, an
agent output stack in the centre, optional side panels (file browser,
editor, memory graph, OpenClaw inbox), an embedded PTY terminal, a
two\-row prompt bar with AI\-generated and user\-defined shortcuts, and
a status bar showing the active agent, permission mode, effort level,
and any session limits.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH OPTIONS
.\" =========================================================
.TP
.BI \-\-config\  path
Path to the JSON configuration file.
Defaults to
.I config.json
in the current directory.
.TP
.BI \-\-add\  path\ [\fIpath\fR\ ...]
Open one or more project directories on startup.
Paths are added to the project list and the first one becomes active.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH CONFIGURATION
.\" =========================================================
Configuration is a JSON file.
All keys are optional; the defaults shown below are used when omitted.
.PP
.nf
{
  "agent": {
    "type":   "claude",      // "claude" | "codex" | "cursor" | "openclaw"
    "effort": "medium"       // "low" | "medium" | "high"
  },
  "claude": {
    "permission_mode": "accept_edits"
                             // "plan" | "safe" | "accept_edits" | "bypass"
  },
  "vault": {
    "root": "vault"          // Path to the memory vault directory
  },
  "git": {
    "auto_commit": true,
    "commit_message_prefix": "[VibeCLI] "
  },
  "personalization": {
    "recency_half_life_days":   7.0,
    "decay_interval_hours":    24,
    "project_affinity_weight":  0.4,
    "recency_weight":           0.35,
    "frequency_weight":         0.25
  }
}
.fi
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH MODES
.\" =========================================================
.B vibe
operates in three mutually exclusive input modes.
.TP
.B Command mode
The default mode.
Single\-key shortcuts are active.
Focus rests on the agent panel.
Exit any other mode with
.BR Escape ,
.BR Backspace ,
or
.B ,
(when the prompt is empty).
.TP
.B Prompt mode
Entered by pressing
.B n
or
.BR Enter .
The prompt input receives keyboard focus.
Typing builds a prompt; pressing
.B Enter
submits it to the active agent.
.B Tab
cycles AI\-generated suggestions.
.TP
.B Edit mode
Entered with
.B i
while the editor panel is visible.
The file editor becomes writable.
.B Escape
saves and returns to command mode.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH KEY BINDINGS
.\" =========================================================
.SS Command Mode
.TP
.BR ] \ /\  [
Next / previous project (wraps around).
.TP
.BR 1 \(en 9
Jump to project by number.
.TP
.BR n \ or\  Enter
Open the prompt input (enter Prompt mode).
.TP
.B o
Open the directory picker modal to add a project (local or SSH).
.TP
.B x
Cancel the last running agent.
.TP
.B d
Detach the selected agent widget (saves its state for later reattachment).
.TP
.B r
Open the reattach menu for detached agents in the current project.
.TP
.B j
Scroll the agent panel down.
.TP
.B k
Scroll the agent panel up.
.TP
.B f
Toggle the file browser panel.
.TP
.B e
Toggle the read\-only editor panel.
.TP
.B i
Enter edit mode in the editor (editor must be visible first).
.TP
.B m
Toggle the memory / knowledge graph visualisation.
.TP
.B t \ /\  Ctrl+t
Toggle the embedded PTY terminal.
.TP
.B c
Toggle the OpenClaw channel inbox panel.
.TP
.B s
Save the current file (edit mode only).
.TP
.B p
Play the file open in the editor as audio (when applicable).
.TP
.B Shift+A
Cycle active agent type: Claude \(-> Codex \(-> Cursor \(-> OpenClaw.
.TP
.B Shift+P
Cycle permission mode: plan \(-> safe \(-> accept_edits \(-> bypass.
.TP
.B Shift+E
Cycle effort level: low \(-> medium \(-> high.
.TP
.B Shift+R
Run the last shell command detected in agent output in the terminal.
.TP
.B Shift+B
Open the brain/memory import modal (imports .md files into the vault).
.TP
.BR 1 \(en 5
Fill AI\-generated suggestion N into the prompt input and focus it.
.TP
.BR 6 \(en 0
Fill manual shortcut slot 1\(en5 (keys 6\(en9, 0) into the prompt input.
.TP
.B Ctrl+6 \(en Ctrl+0
While the prompt input is focused: save the current text as manual
shortcut for that slot.
.TP
.B q
Quit.
Saves session state and unmounts any SSH filesystems.
.PP
.SS Prompt Mode
.TP
.B Tab
Cycle through AI\-generated suggestions (fills the input).
.TP
.B Enter
Submit the prompt and launch an agent.
.TP
.BR Escape \ /\  Backspace \ /\  ,
Return to command mode without submitting.
.PP
.SS Edit Mode
.TP
.B Escape
Save the file and return to command mode.
.PP
.SS Permission Prompt (inline, safe / accept_edits modes)
.TP
.BR h \ /\  \(la
Move selection left.
.TP
.BR l \ /\  \(ra
Move selection right.
.TP
.B y
Approve the pending tool call immediately.
.TP
.B n
Deny the pending tool call immediately.
.TP
.B Enter
Confirm the currently highlighted option (Approve / Approve+Remember / Deny).
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH SLASH COMMANDS
.\" =========================================================
Typed into the prompt input; consumed before reaching the agent.
Claude forwards unknown slash commands to its own CLI.
All other agents display a warning for unknown commands.
.TP
.BI /effort\  [low|medium|high]
Set or display the reasoning\-depth (effort) level.
No argument shows the current level.
.TP
.BI /agent\  [claude|codex|cursor|openclaw]
.TQ
.BI /switch\  [claude|codex|cursor|openclaw]
Switch the active agent.
No argument shows the current agent.
.TP
.BI /perm\  [plan|safe|accept_edits|bypass]
.TQ
.BI /permissions\  [plan|safe|accept_edits|bypass]
Set the permission mode.
No argument shows the current mode.
.TP
.BI /model\  [provider/id]
Override the model used for the next session (Claude and OpenClaw only).
Example:
.BR "/model anthropic/claude\-opus\-4\-5" .
No argument clears the override.
.TP
.BI /budget\  [amount]
Set a USD spending cap per session (Claude only).
Accepts
.BI $ amount
or plain numeric.
Example:
.BR "/budget 2.50" .
No argument clears the cap.
.TP
.BI /turns\  [n]
.TQ
.BI /max-turns\  [n]
Limit the number of agentic turns per run.
For Claude this maps to
.BR \-\-max\-turns ;
for Codex it maps to
.BR \-\-attempts
(capped 1\(en4).
No argument clears the limit.
.TP
.BI /system\  [text]
Append
.I text
to the system prompt for subsequent sessions (Claude only,
via
.BR \-\-append\-system\-prompt ).
No argument clears the override.
.TP
.BI /tools\  allow\ <pattern>
Add
.I pattern
to the allowed\-tools list.
Allowed tools bypass the approval prompt.
Comma\-separated patterns accepted.
.TP
.BI /tools\  deny\ <pattern>
Add
.I pattern
to the disallowed\-tools list.
Disallowed tools are removed from the agent's context entirely.
.TP
.BI /tools\  remove\ <pattern>
Remove
.I pattern
from both lists.
.TP
.B /tools\ clear
Clear both the allowed and disallowed tool lists.
.TP
.B /tools
Show the current allowed and disallowed lists.
.TP
.BI /fork\  [instruction]
Fork the conversation.
For Claude this passes
.B /fork
to the CLI natively.
For other agents a new session is launched prefixed with the last 20 lines
of the previous agent's output as context, followed by
.I instruction
if supplied.
.TP
.B /clear
Clear the agent panel.
For Claude this passes
.B /clear
to the CLI natively (resets conversation history).
For other agents all panel widgets are dismissed.
.TP
.B /compact
Compact / summarise history.
For Claude this passes
.B /compact
to the CLI natively.
For other agents behaviour is identical to
.BR /clear .
.TP
.B /help
Display a summary of available slash commands.
.PP
Claude also accepts its own native commands as pass\-through prompts:
.BR /init ,
.BR /memory ,
.BR /config ,
.BR /review ,
and others.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH AGENTS
.\" =========================================================
.SS Claude
.B Requirements:
.BR claude " CLI on PATH (Claude Code)"
.PP
The default and most capable agent.
Runs as
.B claude \-\-print \-\-verbose \-\-output\-format stream\-json
and streams NDJSON events.
Supports multi\-turn session resumption via
.BR \-\-resume .
.PP
Active limits are passed as CLI flags:
.BR \-\-model ,
.BR \-\-max\-turns ,
.BR \-\-max\-budget\-usd ,
.BR \-\-append\-system\-prompt ,
.BR \-\-allowedTools ,
.BR \-\-disallowedTools .
.SS Codex
.B Requirements:
.BR codex " CLI on PATH (@openai/codex)"
.PP
Runs as
.B codex exec \-\-json
with sandbox flags.
.B \-\-attempts
(1\(en4) is set from the
.B /turns
value.
Does not support session resumption.
.SS Cursor
.B Requirements:
.BR agent " CLI on PATH (Cursor desktop app)"
.PP
Runs as
.B agent \-\-print \-\-output\-format stream\-json
with trust/force/plan flags derived from the permission mode.
Does not support session resumption.
.SS OpenClaw
.B Requirements:
.BR openclaw " CLI on PATH; Gateway daemon running on 127.0.0.1:18789"
.PP
Runs as
.B openclaw agent \-\-message \(dq...\(dq \-\-thinking <level>
and streams plain text.
Thinking level is derived from the permission mode and overridden by
effort level.
Start the daemon with:
.nf

  openclaw gateway --port 18789
  # or permanently:
  openclaw onboard --install-daemon

.fi
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH PERMISSION MODES
.\" =========================================================
Cycle with
.B Shift+P
or
.BR "/perm <mode>" .
The active mode is shown in the status bar.
.TP
.B plan
Read\-only analysis mode.
Claude uses
.BR \-\-permission\-mode\ plan .
No file writes or shell commands are executed.
The agent describes what it
.I would
do instead.
Other agents receive a planning prefix injected into their prompt.
.TP
.B safe
Every tool call raises an inline
.B PermissionPrompt
widget that blocks agent execution until the user approves or denies.
An HTTP hook server is installed in
.B .claude/settings.local.json
for Claude.
.TP
.B accept_edits
File operations (Read, Write, Edit, MultiEdit, Glob, Grep, LS,
TodoWrite, TodoRead) are silently auto\-approved.
All other tools (Bash, WebFetch, WebSearch, etc.) still raise the
approval prompt.
.TP
.B bypass
All tool calls proceed without any permission check.
Claude uses
.BR \-\-dangerously\-skip\-permissions .
Use with care.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH EFFORT LEVELS
.\" =========================================================
Cycle with
.B Shift+E
or
.BR "/effort <level>" .
The active level appears in the status bar (hidden at default
.BR medium ).
.TP
.B low
Fast, minimal reasoning.
Claude receives a \(lqBe concise\(rq prefix.
OpenClaw uses
.BR \-\-thinking\ low .
Codex and Cursor receive the same prefix.
.TP
.B medium
Default balanced behaviour.
No prefix is injected.
OpenClaw thinking level is derived from the permission mode.
.TP
.B high
Deep reasoning.
Claude receives a \(lqThink step\-by\-step\(rq prefix.
OpenClaw uses
.BR \-\-thinking\ xhigh .
Codex and Cursor receive the same prefix.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH PROJECTS
.\" =========================================================
.SS Opening projects
.TP
On startup:
.B vibe \-\-add
.I path1 path2
.TP
Inside the app:
Press
.B o
to open the directory picker modal.
The modal has two tabs:
.RS
.TP
.B 📁 Local
Standard filesystem tree with tab\-completion in the path input.
.TP
.B 🌐 Remote SSH
Form accepting host, username (optional), port (default 22), and
remote path.
On submit the path is mounted via
.B sshfs
and added as a remote project.
.RE
.PP
.SS Project storage
Projects are persisted to
.IR vault/user/projects.json .
Each entry records the project name, local path, last active file,
pinned files, and (for SSH projects) the SSH connection details.
.PP
.SS Project switching
Use
.B ]
/
.B [
to cycle, or
.BR 1 \(en 9
to jump.
Switching projects never cancels running agents; they continue in
the background and their output is accessible by switching back.
.PP
.SS SSH / remote projects
.B Requirements:
.B sshfs
must be installed.
.PP
Mount base:
.IR \(ti/.vibe\-cli/mounts/ .
Remote projects are automatically re\-mounted on startup and unmounted
on quit (best\-effort).
Display name includes a remote indicator, e.g.
.IR "\(oaA myapp (host:~/path)" .
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH AGENT PANEL
.\" =========================================================
Each project has its own scrollable stack of
.B AgentWidget
instances.
Widgets are numbered sequentially (#1, #2, …).
.PP
While an agent is running its output streams into a live log.
When it completes the log becomes selectable and copyable (Cmd+C / Ctrl+C).
A reply input appears below the log for multi\-turn follow\-up (Claude only).
.PP
.SS Detach and reattach
Press
.B d
to detach the selected agent widget.
The widget is removed from the panel but its full state (prompt, output,
session ID) is preserved in memory and persisted across restarts.
.PP
Press
.B r
to open the reattach menu.
Use arrow keys or
.BR j / k
to navigate; Enter to reattach; D to kill.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH MEMORY VAULT
.\" =========================================================
Every agent run is automatically logged to the vault as a timestamped
Obsidian\-compatible markdown note with YAML frontmatter.
.PP
.SS Vault layout
.nf
vault/
├── _MOCs/
│   ├── MOC - Index.md       master index
│   ├── MOC - Projects.md
│   └── MOC - <tag>.md       per\-tag maps of content
├── projects/
│   └── <project>/
│       └── run_logs/
│           └── YYYY\-MM\-DDThh\-mm\-ss_<slug>.md
├── user/
│   ├── profile.md            psychometric / coding profile
│   ├── projects.json         project list
│   ├── session.json          UI state
│   ├── personalization_graph.json
│   └── manual_shortcuts.json
└── meta/
    └── lint_report.md        vault linter output
.fi
.PP
.SS Note format
.nf
---
title: Fix auth token expiry
type: run_log
tags: [myapp, bugfix]
created: 2026-04-07T14:23:00Z
project: myapp
agent_type: claude
permission_mode: accept_edits
effort_mode: medium
---

## Prompt
Fix the auth token expiry bug

## Output
...streamed agent output...
.fi
.PP
.SS Wikilinks and knowledge graph
Notes can reference each other with
.B [[Note Title]]
wikilink syntax.
A bidirectional link index is maintained automatically.
Press
.B m
to browse the vault as a navigable knowledge graph.
.PP
.SS MOCs (Maps of Content)
Index notes are auto\-created and updated per project and per tag.
They list all related notes using wikilinks and serve as navigable
entry points into the vault.
.PP
.SS Lint and maintenance
After every agent run the vault linter checks for broken wikilinks,
orphan notes, and stale MOCs.
Issues are written to
.IR vault/meta/lint_report.md .
.PP
.SS Brain import
Press
.B Shift+B
(or type the path when prompted) to bulk\-import a folder of
.B .md
files into the vault under a
.B brain/
prefix.
After import, the user profile is re\-run against the imported corpus.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH PROMPT BAR
.\" =========================================================
The two\-row bar at the bottom of the screen.
.PP
.B Row 1 — AI suggestions [1]\(en[5]
.RS
Auto\-generated by the personalization engine from the current project's
history.
Filled into the prompt input with keys
.BR 1 \(en 5 .
Cycled with
.BR Tab .
.RE
.PP
.B Row 2 — Manual shortcuts [6]\(en[0]
.RS
User\-defined prompts stored in
.IR vault/user/manual_shortcuts.json .
Filled with keys
.BR 6 \(en 0 .
.PP
.B Assignment:
Focus the prompt input (press
.BR n ),
type the desired prompt text, then press
.B Ctrl+6
through
.B Ctrl+0
to save it to the corresponding slot.
A confirmation notification is shown.
.RE
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH STATUS BAR
.\" =========================================================
Displayed below the project tab bar.
Contains the following fields left to right:
.TP
.B Project
Active project name.
.TP
.B Agent
Active agent type with colour indicator (blue = Claude,
yellow = Codex, green = Cursor, red = OpenClaw).
When OpenClaw is active also shows gateway status and configured
channels.
.TP
.B Permission mode
PLAN / SAFE / ACCEPT EDITS / BYPASS ALL, colour\-coded.
.TP
.B Limits
Compact display of any active session overrides:
.B $2.50
(budget),
.B 20t
(max turns),
.B claude\-opus
(model),
.B sys
(system prompt set),
.B +2tool
/ \fB\-1tool\fR (allowed/disallowed tool counts).
Hidden when all values are at their defaults.
.TP
.B Effort
LOW \(bu / HIGH \(bu indicator.
Hidden at default
.BR medium .
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH OPENCLAW INTEGRATION
.\" =========================================================
.SS Gateway
The OpenClaw Gateway daemon must be running before the OpenClaw agent
or inbox can be used:
.PP
.nf
openclaw gateway --port 18789
# or install as a background daemon:
openclaw onboard --install-daemon
.fi
.PP
vibe checks gateway reachability when you switch to the OpenClaw agent
and shows the status in the status bar.
.PP
.SS Channel inbox
Press
.B c
to toggle the inbox panel (right sidebar).
When open and the OpenClaw agent is active, vibe connects to the Gateway
WebSocket and displays:
.PP
.RS
.TP
.B Channel messages
Inbound (↓) and outbound (↑) messages from any configured channel
(Telegram, Discord, WhatsApp, Signal, etc.) with channel name and
sender ID.
.TP
.B Device events
Notifications and events from paired iOS, Android, or macOS nodes.
.TP
.B Gateway status
Connection state shown in the panel header.
.RE
.PP
The connection is managed automatically: started when the panel is
opened with OpenClaw active; stopped when the panel is closed or the
agent is switched.
.PP
.SS Thinking levels
The
.B \-\-thinking
flag passed to
.B openclaw agent
is derived from the intersection of permission mode and effort level:
.PP
.TS
allbox;
l l l.
Effort	Permission	Thinking
low	any	low
medium	plan	minimal
medium	safe	low
medium	accept_edits	medium
medium	bypass	high
high	any	xhigh
.TE
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH PERSONALIZATION ENGINE
.\" =========================================================
The suggestion engine ranks prompts using a weighted action\-transition
graph.
After every agent run the following happens in a background thread:
.PP
.IP 1. 4
The prompt is recorded in the personalization graph for the active
project.
.IP 2.
An LLM summary and semantic tags are generated for the run note
(requires the Anthropic SDK to be configured).
.IP 3.
The run is logged to the vault.
.IP 4.
MOC indices are updated.
.IP 5.
The vault linter runs; issues are written to
.IR vault/meta/lint_report.md .
.IP 6.
The global user psychometric profile is updated.
.IP 7.
The per\-project profile is updated.
.IP 8.
Next\-prompt predictions are generated and blended with graph\-based
fallbacks.
.IP 9.
Up to 5 suggestions are pushed to the prompt bar.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH AUTO-COMMIT
.\" =========================================================
After every successful agent run, if the project is a git repository,
vibe automatically stages all changes and commits with the message:
.PP
.nf
[VibeCLI] <first 72 chars of the prompt>
.fi
.PP
Disable with
.B "git.auto_commit": false
in
.IR config.json .
Customise the prefix with
.BR git.commit_message_prefix .
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH TERMINAL
.\" =========================================================
Press
.B t
to toggle the embedded PTY terminal (height 20 rows, full width).
A real shell is spawned using
.B ptyprocess
and rendered via
.B pyte
(VT100 emulation) at 30 fps.
.PP
Each project has its own terminal instance; state persists when
switching between projects.
.PP
When an agent emits a line that looks like a shell command (starts with
.BR $ ),
the command is captured.
Press
.B Shift+R
in command mode to paste and run it in the terminal automatically.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH FILES
.\" =========================================================
.TP
.I config.json
Main configuration file (see
.BR CONFIGURATION ).
.TP
.I vault/
Memory vault directory (Obsidian\-compatible markdown).
Default location relative to the working directory.
.TP
.I vault/user/projects.json
Persisted project list and SSH connection details.
.TP
.I vault/user/session.json
UI state snapshot restored on next startup.
.TP
.I vault/user/profile.md
Automatically maintained psychometric and technical user profile.
.TP
.I vault/user/personalization_graph.json
Action\-transition graph used to rank prompt suggestions.
.TP
.I vault/user/manual_shortcuts.json
User\-assigned keyboard macro prompts for keys
.BR 6 \(en 0 .
.TP
.I vault/meta/lint_report.md
Vault linter report (broken links, orphans, stale MOCs).
.TP
.I <project>/.claude/settings.local.json
Per\-project Claude settings.
Written by vibe when permission modes or tool allow/deny lists are
configured.
.TP
.I <project>/.cursor/cli.json
Per\-project Cursor CLI permissions.
Written by vibe to enforce deny rules when using the Cursor agent.
.TP
.I \(ti/.openclaw/openclaw.json
OpenClaw user configuration (read by vibe to discover channels,
model, gateway port, and auth token).
.TP
.I \(ti/.vibe\-cli/mounts/
Base directory for sshfs mount points.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.\" =========================================================
.TP
.B ANTHROPIC_API_KEY
Required for Claude and for the LLM\-based personalization features
(profile analysis, run summarisation, prompt prediction).
.TP
.B PATH
Must include the executables for any agent CLIs you intend to use:
.BR claude ,
.BR codex ,
.BR agent
(Cursor),
.BR openclaw .
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH EXAMPLES
.\" =========================================================
.SS Start with a project
.nf
vibe --add ~/code/myapp
.fi
.SS Start with multiple projects and a custom config
.nf
vibe --config ~/.config/vibe/config.json \\
     --add ~/work/api ~/work/frontend ~/work/infra
.fi
.SS Typical workflow
.nf
# Press n, type a prompt, press Enter
n
Fix the race condition in the auth middleware
<Enter>

# While agent runs, switch to another project and start a second task
]
n
Add unit tests for the payment module
<Enter>

# When both finish, switch back, review output, fork a follow-up
[
/fork Refactor the fix to use a proper mutex
.fi
.SS Override model for one session
.nf
/model anthropic/claude-opus-4-5
n
Rewrite the database schema migration
<Enter>
/model        # clear override after the run
.fi
.SS Set a spending cap and turn limit
.nf
/budget 1.00
/turns 15
n
Generate comprehensive documentation for every public function
<Enter>
.fi
.SS Save a manual shortcut
.nf
# Press n to focus the prompt, type the reusable text, then Ctrl+6
n
Run the full test suite and summarise failures
<Ctrl+6>
# Now pressing 6 in command mode fills this prompt instantly
.fi
.SS Import an Obsidian vault as brain memory
.nf
# Press Shift+B, enter the path when prompted
<Shift+B>
~/Documents/ObsidianVault
<Enter>
.fi
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\" =========================================================
.TP
Agent not found
Ensure the relevant CLI is installed and on
.BR PATH :
.BR "npm install -g @anthropic-ai/claude-code" ,
.BR "npm install -g @openai/codex" ,
Cursor desktop app,
.BR "npm install -g openclaw@latest" .
.TP
OpenClaw gateway not reachable
Start the daemon:
.B "openclaw gateway --port 18789"
or run
.B "openclaw onboard --install-daemon"
to keep it running in the background.
.TP
SSH mount fails
Ensure
.B sshfs
is installed.
On macOS:
.BR "brew install macfuse sshfs" .
On Linux:
.BR "apt install sshfs" .
.TP
Permission prompts not appearing
Verify the permission mode is
.B safe
or
.B accept_edits
(status bar).
.TP
Suggestions not updating
Suggestions are generated in a background thread after each run.
Wait a moment; they appear automatically.
.TP
Profile not updating
The LLM\-based profiler requires
.B ANTHROPIC_API_KEY
to be set.
Without it, a keyword\-based fallback is used.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH SEE ALSO
.\" =========================================================
.BR claude (1),
.BR codex (1),
.BR sshfs (1),
.BR git (1),
.BR python3 (1)
.PP
Claude Code documentation:
.I https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code
.PP
Codex documentation:
.I https://github.com/openai/codex
.PP
OpenClaw documentation:
.I https://docs.openclaw.ai
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH BUGS
.\" =========================================================
Please report issues at the project repository.
.
.\" =========================================================
.SH AUTHOR
.\" =========================================================
vibe\-cli contributors.
